
# Application Flow

### User Login page

1. User can sign in.
1. Request goes to servlet.
1. Servlet redirects to Calendar page.


### User Registration page

1. New user clicks sign up.
1. Fill out the sign up form and submits.
1. Request goes to sign up servlet.
1. Servlet creates a user object and then creates user in the database.
1. Forward to user account home page with user own posts.

### Admin Login page

1. Only Admin User can login. 
1. If user is validated in the database, forward to User view page.
1. If authentication fails, show error message/page.


### Home page

1. User can go to Sign in page.
1. User can go to user login page.
1. User can go to admin login in page.


### Monthly Tasks Report page

1. This page generates the monthly list of Tasks generated by the User.
1. Call will be made to servlet.
1. Servlet sends the object to DAO.
1. DAO pulls the DATA from table.
1. Servlet process the DATA and sends back to the page.


### Weekly List page

1. User can see weekly list of Events.

### Daily List page

1. User can see daily list of Events.

### TaskDeletion page

1. User can deletes the task on this page.
1. User information send to servlet.
1. Servlet process the DATA.
1. After processing servlet sends the object to DAO.
1. DAO deletes the DATA to table.
1. Servlet sends confirmation to post page that post has been added.


### TaskUpdate page

1. User can updates the task/Time on this page.
1. Call will be made to servlet.
1. Servlet process the DATA.
1. After processing servlet sends the object to DAO.
1. DAO updates the DATA to table.
1. Servlet sends confirmation to post page that post has been added.

